For running the Makefile you just need to write the command "make"
For cleaning all the .o files just run make clean

--------------------------------------------------------SUMMARY of Ch7---------------------------------------------------------------
The lecture started explaining that the "malloc function" is the function we use for standard allocation of memory. This function is used when we want to save a piece of memory of a certain size in a 32 bits direction. After explaining the simple allocation of memory the lecture mention the allocation by blocks in which we used the data type "size_t" for give the size of the memory piece we want to obtain with the mallosc function. After that we learn about the "swap space" in Linux, where the management of the resources is totally controlled by the kernel and in case someting wents wrong, it yields an error. In swap space, the memory we see is virtual, so there is a trnaslation between the physical and logical addressess.
The lecture continued with an explanation of the risks of using in an irresponsible way the memory, ocasionating problems such a NullPointer or a SegmentationFault, both problems due to bad asignation of the memory. With this knowledge we can manage in a responsible way the memory and in case we need no more a piece of memory, free it for its use. Finally in the reading we learn that there are other functions for allocating memory such as calloc and realloc. Calloc allocates memory that can be freed with free,meanwhile realloc function changes the size of a block of memory that has been previously allocated.
